org/fundacionjala/pivotal/entities/EntitiesParser.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.entities.EntitiesParser
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.entities.EntitiesParser$1
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.entities.EntitiesParser$2
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/popups/CreateProjectPopup.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.popups.CreateProjectPopup
org/fundacionjala/core/throwables/PropertiesReadingException.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.throwables.PropertiesReadingException
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/Init/InitialPage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.Init.InitialPage
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/entities/Workspace.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.entities.Workspace
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LoggedIn/ProjectSettingsPage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LoggedIn.ProjectSettingsPage
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/Init/LoginStep1Page.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.Init.LoginStep1Page
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/WebTransporter.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.WebTransporter
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/entities/Story.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.entities.Story
org/fundacionjala/core/config/TestExecutionProperties.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.config.TestExecutionProperties
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/component/profile/EditProfileForm.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.component.profile.EditProfileForm
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/Interactioner.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.Interactioner
org/fundacionjala/core/config/PropertiesSetter.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.config.PropertiesSetter
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/api/utils/ApiAuthentication.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.api.utils.ApiAuthentication
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/entities/Projects.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.entities.Projects
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/browsers/browserTypes/EdgeBrowser.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.browsers.browserTypes.EdgeBrowser
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/BasePage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.BasePage
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LoggedIn/BaseLoggedInPage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LoggedIn.BaseLoggedInPage
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/entities/User.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.entities.User
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/component/UserMenu.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.component.UserMenu
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/component/profile/ChangeSaved.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.component.profile.ChangeSaved
org/fundacionjala/core/config/EnvironmentProperties.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.config.EnvironmentProperties
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LoggedIn/ProfilePage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LoggedIn.ProfilePage
org/fundacionjala/core/utils/IdGenerator.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.utils.IdGenerator
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/browsers/Browser.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.browsers.Browser
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/browsers/BrowserParser.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.browsers.BrowserParser
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.browsers.BrowserParser$1
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LogedOut/LoginStep1Page.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LogedOut.LoginStep1Page
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LoggedIn/DashboardPage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LoggedIn.DashboardPage
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/browsers/browserTypes/FirefoxBrowser.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.browsers.browserTypes.FirefoxBrowser
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LoggedIn/ProjectPage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LoggedIn.ProjectPage
org/fundacionjala/core/throwables/EnvironmentReadingException.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.throwables.EnvironmentReadingException
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LoggedIn/ProjectsSummaryPage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LoggedIn.ProjectsSummaryPage
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/api/client/RequestManager.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.api.client.RequestManager
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/config/PivotalProperties.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.config.PivotalProperties
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/context/Context.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.context.Context
org/fundacionjala/core/utils/PropertiesFileReader.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.utils.PropertiesFileReader
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/browsers/browserTypes/IBrowser.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.browsers.browserTypes.IBrowser
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/GuiInteractioner.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.GuiInteractioner
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LoggedIn/WorkspaceSettingsPage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LoggedIn.WorkspaceSettingsPage
org/fundacionjala/core/config/PropertiesFileReader.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.config.PropertiesFileReader
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/BrowserFactory.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.BrowserFactory
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LogedOut/LoginStep2Page.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LogedOut.LoginStep2Page
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/component/TopMenu.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.component.TopMenu
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/Init/LoginStep2Page.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.Init.LoginStep2Page
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/api/utils/EndpointProcessor.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.api.utils.EndpointProcessor
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/WebDriverManager.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.WebDriverManager
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/pages/LoggedIn/WorkspacePage.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.pages.LoggedIn.WorkspacePage
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/component/EditProfileForm.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.component.EditProfileForm
org/fundacionjala/core/selenium/browsers/browserTypes/ChromeBrowser.java
 org.fundacionjala.core.selenium.browsers.browserTypes.ChromeBrowser
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/popups/CreateWorkspacePopUp.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.popups.CreateWorkspacePopUp
org/fundacionjala/pivotal/ui/component/common/TopMenu.java
 org.fundacionjala.pivotal.ui.component.common.TopMenu
